README.md, before:

# Storybook/Addon: styled-components with themes

Storybook addon for styled components with theme provider

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/hT0xI1YDfzQrvyttsD/giphy.gif)


## Getting Started

### Installing

```
yarn add storybook-addon-styled-components-themes --D
```

## Configuration

### Register the addon in .storybook/main.js

```
module.exports = {
  stories: ['../src/**/*.stories.(tsx|mdx)'],
  addons: ['storybook-addon-styled-components-themes/register']
};

```

### Add parameters to stories in .storybook/preview.js

```
addParameters({
  styledComponentsThemes: {
    /**
     * Themes
     */
    themes: [ThemeA, ThemeB],
    /**
     * Theme to start on - index - optional
     */
    initialTheme: 1, // optional
    /**
     *  Key for show name of theme - optional
     */
    label: 'name', // optional
  },
});
```

### Add decorator to stories in .storybook/preview.js

```
addDecorator(story => (
    <WithThemeProvider>
        {story()}
    </WithThemeProvider>
));
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/elsa-santos/storybook-addon-styled-components-themes/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

README.MD - added instructional step to import libraries in .storybook/preview.js

README.md, after:

# Storybook/Addon: styled-components with themes

Storybook addon for styled components with theme provider

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/hT0xI1YDfzQrvyttsD/giphy.gif)

## Getting Started

### Installing

```
yarn add storybook-addon-styled-components-themes --D
```

## Configuration

### Register the addon in .storybook/main.js

```
module.exports = {
  stories: ['../src/**/*.stories.(tsx|mdx)'],
  addons: ['storybook-addon-styled-components-themes/register']
};

```

### Import libraries in .storybook/preview.js

```
import { WithThemeProvider } from 'storybook-addon-styled-components-themes';
import { addDecorator } from '@storybook/react';
```

### Add parameters to stories in .storybook/preview.js

```
addParameters({
  styledComponentsThemes: {
    /**
     * Themes
     */
    themes: [ThemeA, ThemeB],
    /**
     * Theme to start on - index - optional
     */
    initialTheme: 1, // optional
    /**
     *  Key for show name of theme - optional
     */
    label: 'name', // optional
  },
});
```

### Add decorator to stories in .storybook/preview.js

```
addDecorator(story => (
    <WithThemeProvider>
        {story()}
    </WithThemeProvider>
));
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/elsa-santos/storybook-addon-styled-components-themes/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details
